nl is the very last one that wants to follow won the solar leader you want to be
and in Waalwijk it actually brought a webcam to the euro
and given another penalty if your impression is that saw that year
referee that the procession first three weeks in the supermarket seems to me
was really embarrassing two years was really crazy for what it said was a ball
full up and if you
that she does not see and that does not feel and
not being able to see that boy is really being touched or she was upside down
then I do not understand that Jaap Uilenberg was not so long ago that this is the
best referee of the Netherlands passes, I also run a red card
therefore we continue to spend less on the same money with the man
disabled but I could have relegated to a club with such a decision
or get promoted
The fact that it is another on the game Jaap Sinke, of course, very much
important what happens is therefore not dirty work either
bas nijhuis with his reaction also no longer a second with the fryslan broadcaster
was in finding deeps make you know how that works bas nijhuis
response after the match
look at the images seen here
it is surely a decisive one that situation years in the sixteen am itself
no penalty
and good and now see part back
maybe too many mistakes, I run very short skirts and with 26 points
for himself may
and some fiction at the time is the holes 16
shutting the leg
but i see that i also got here on the options that he falls on that breda and
it looks like a leg pulls one leg up and today comes the session
and on the ek directly in the pocket of
I don't think it's a penalty
and that one thinks there is no guarantee to say because it is a must
thus a German wesel pulls away
because my ass a little miscommunication because assistants for 4s
admittedly of which runs on by the state on the back line and hand
the water and discussion is good now to see the images in haagse
circles is one thing I want to ask you how did the assistants come from
information that is missing a penalty
I don't have a direct by the no penalty
maybe there internal communication system heeze militia
of course he admittedly did not let his child get scattered
so can see he has according to me
cover found
traders responded
seen someone in the past in which five seconds by weighting
but by no means all medications are close neighbors, only after that man
but also have to do in 5 seconds I always have next to Prince of Orange
Were not yet one step backwards forward once a day if you saw nothing
on appeal and then the decision had to but I do not do it I ask
I wonder you believe it's all that right now
what are you doing
million tickets for sale
I immediately had a species
yes you have to do something up to 8 years in turkey the only thing i can do
and rob w
uncertainty started yesterday for the supermarket year
that expects the first part to be properly completed
I almost think you should drive but if you have such a reaction very
Talented guys seem to be programmed so almost as can be
really this is a parody
together with another man
it takes ten minutes to make something clear that is clearly knowing where
she only admits things that were right it was admit i would i would
like if I was the man on the quiet music on moortje now
closed with a 3
luc de clerck
yes all in all it can be done by troops of marc de vries tomorrow
I also get to keep working because it was always something to look for
the premier league statue of liberty from berkel and shot criminal procedure to look it up
is something else but I mean
out of cambuur and he pulls it all out, we just move on
back we have cambuur and everything for next week
they do the nicest parties and the passion in life are lionesses
but then you see those people in the hours of making that belly landing and
those are crazy about the fun but should actually determine it as a policy
you also want to come to the conclusion boys a little you but
nice by using vlijmen nice by stadium from a next year can
you no longer use because you are not good enough for the Premier League
you have to conclude that you should not go crazy because it is of course no
team
where you can stay in the premier league
but yes it is the equality fog 10,200 Saturday let's hope so
some money comes out that they can invest but that is very cool to follow
probably alone
van der heijden I find the phenomenon off yes he seems that is necessary
Even with Martin van Geel and Harm van Veldhoven, a little bit of a job has to be done
everyone is sick or weak or nauseous
system must be tariff for coast, among other things, that must be willem janssen
Suspended and melodic danger comes as a result of Sony no that's quite right
international obligations are the company for cisee
international obligations the freedom of both parties
the disturbed old goalkeeper was helped by torhout
who never stops an e-mail
I think this is a ponytails next two years having their homework
werkendam adagia all times
you can see the commitment of a soccer player
at least I have your idea who it is at 391,000 policies with classical ones
with a very normal one
But Frankfurt is practicing Orange two new help for what's going on
does look like everyone has roda there is quite a nice one
team
but always tells more the chance did not happen
no but that is doing so fantastically according to van yellow who must say attitude
man
end up staying in now even though degraded yes but still think there is
a club in Belgium and the Netherlands
obligated
his predecessor